we walk out of here what's the first
thing you're gonna do God give myself a
mug of hot chocolate a piece of pecan
pie right he was a reformed ex-con who
wanted to start a new life you Ashley
after dreaming about that smile for so
long she was the girl of his dreams
here's a guy this is a criminal when I
get back in that room you've every
wearing nothing but a candy cane welcome
home country faces but between them and
happiness what do you want forbid I read
your letters convict she knows what to
get casino it stands a team of criminals
who wanted to take down the state's
richest casino this is my luck finally
meet a boy that I'm crazy about him my
brother went some worse than I do you
want to hear about some job of mine I
want some hot chocolate
it's a pecan pie let's start talking I
can make your some onion rings what
started out as love do you remember all
those letters you wrote me found me and
you against the whole world we can have
it all if you just give it what you want
good end up in murder what you think's
gonna happen these gonna be over still
let me go
shoot me in the back of the head like
this you're gonna give me the skies
you're sending me into an Indian casino
dressed like a cowboy it was that or a
ballerina Hey
he was talking to the mannequins like
there something tells me you're not
being totally honest with me
there were courses behind a wheel Ben
Affleck Gary Sinise Charlene Stella
Gilligan thriller from John
Frankenheimer